# Lintian confused by UTF-8 character sequences
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-001.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-ae.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-bh.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-dj.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-dz.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-eg.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-eh.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-er.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-il.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-iq.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-jo.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-km.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-kw.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-lb.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-ly.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-ma.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-mr.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-om.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-ps.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-qa.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-sa.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-sd.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-so.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-ss.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-sy.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-td.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-tn.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar-ye.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ar.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_br-fr.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_br.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_cs-cz.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_cs.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_cy-gb.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_cy.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_fil-ph.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_fil.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ga-ie.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ga.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_he-il.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_he.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_hr-ba.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_hr-hr.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_hr.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_iw.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_lt-lt.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_lt.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_lv-lv.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_lv.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_mt-mt.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_mt.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_pl-pl.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_pl.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ro-md.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ro-ro.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ro.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ru-by.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ru-kg.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ru-kz.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ru-md.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ru-ru.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ru-ua.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_ru.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sk-sk.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sk.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sl-si.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sl.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-cyrl-ba.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-cyrl-me.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-cyrl-rs.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-cyrl-xk.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-cyrl.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-latn-ba.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-latn-me.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-latn-rs.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-latn-xk.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr-latn.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_sr.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_tl.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_uk-ua.js
angular.js source: source-is-missing src/ngLocale/angular-locale_uk.js
